1. What is the difference between a system font, web font, and web-safe font?

  A system font is a font already installed on a local device/system. It is available specifically to that user and can be used in almost anything on the system itself, but usually cannot go directly to the web because of licensing.
  A web font is a custom font hosted on a server. They do not necessarily have to be on the user's device in order to appear. These are optimized to performance on the web.
  A web-safe font is a font that is considered "safe" for windows and mac users. Thus, client computers will already have that family and increase site performance.

2. What is the importance of having fallback fonts or a font stack?

  Having fallback fonts or a font stack ensures the right "look" of the site is carried out even if a client's computer cannot run the font a developer would prefer. If a fallback is not included and the browser cannot render or find the intended font, it will pick a different one that may not go well with the rest of the page.

3. Free Response: Summarize your work cycle for this assignment.

  I started off by finding my source material. I wanted something that would lend itself to structure and styling and my mind went immediately to a play. I love Julius Caesar and knew I wanted Antony's "let slip the dogs of war" speech but that was not long enough so I threw in some of the rest of the scene to bookend the monologue. I then did the reading from the website to familiarize myself with the material and went to the work along from there. I first put all my text into the index and then created my style so I could see what I was manipulating. I really liked this workflow of getting the source material down first, and messing with style second. I knew the structure of each piece of dialogue would be super important to maintain, so I ended up using the pre-formatted text tags rather than the paragraph tags in order to keep the lines correct without having to add a ton of line breaks. The heading font that I chose reminded me of a modern Greek style so I thought it lent itself to the title. I wanted something that looked like a cleaner version of a typewriter for the dialogue because it is readable and has a certain artistic quality that I enjoy. The color palette had to have a deep red because the play, and this scene in particular, has so much blood and I wanted to echo that with the color. I also wanted an off white for the dialogue because it reminded me of old parchment and I liked the contrast. I decided to use black as a main text color because of its readability and that added just the right darkness to the overall palette. 
