1. Who was your imaginary client? How did they describe their site needs?

  My client for this project was my husband who is a ceramic artists and needed an online portfolio. He needed the site to be user friendly, but more importantly, it needed to have a large portfolio area with premade pages for room to grow. He also  had specific colors in mind to keep in line with his personal brand. These included the orange and blue hues.

2. What is the difference between display: block, display: inline, and display: inline-block?

  Block display stacks list items or elements on top of each other. Inline display moves items into one line. Inline-block display moves elements into one line, but separates them out into their own blocks.

3. Free Response: Summarize your work cycle for this assignment.

  I read the dropdown instructions on the website but they were hard for me to follow as it applied to a larger navigation menu. I relied heavily on the tutorial for this part including adding the social media links as my three external sites. Moving past the organizational side of developing this website, I had a lot of fun choosing fonts and colors. My client uses the same tag in any system as a username (this includes social media, gamer tags, etc.) and it's based off an animated character. I chose to take inspiration from this character when it came to the color palette because it gave the site a lot more life. I wanted something super readable for the main body font and knew that would be a san-serif on a web platform. I like what I ended up going with, but I was way more excited about my font for headings and display text. My client's art is very gritty and mixes metallic paints and finishes with a more organic subject. I wanted to go with a font that wasn't pretty. I wanted something kind of broken and mechanical-looking which made me think of a typewriter. The font I chose is much bolder than a standard typewriter and I felt that was appropriate given the scale of the artwork itself. From there, I did a lot of play. I ran into trouble center aligning all my elements. I still don't know what to do. I've looked back into the positioning module and couldn't find anything helpful. I ended up aligning everything according to my own laptop's aspect ratio and checked it on multiple browsers. Overall, I enjoyed this project, but I wish I knew more to spice up the look and interactivity of each page. 
